
MASTERS OF SIGHISOARA III - A GYONDRIAN'S TALE


Campaign description: Charles, a young man living on the 
island nation of Gyondria located off the shores of the 
Northwest corner of the great continent of Sighisoara, 
sets out on a journey. Not only will he be exploring his 
inner self on his way from a boy into a man, but also to 
explore the many islands of Sighisoara.

Number of maps: 4

Map size: map 1 M, map 2 L, map 3 L, map 4 XL

Language: English

Game version: Heroes III: Shadow of Death

Play-Testers: The Sighisoara Team
(HeroOfPunk, Yurian Stonebow and various
map testers recruited via Celestial Heavens and Facebook)

Campaign created by: 
HeroofPunk, Yurian Stonebow, Maygwan

Email: maxygdell@hotmail 
            olavi_valimaki@hotmail.com 
            maygwan@yahoo.com

On the Internet: www.celestialheavens.com 
                           www.facebook.com/h3MoS                          
http://h3mos.wikia.com/wiki/Masters_of_Sighisoara_Wiki

Campaign difficulty: User selectable

Campaign version: 1.1

Campaign date: version 1.0 released in October 2016,
                           version 1.1 released in December 2016

Human playable alignment: Fortress, Stronghold and 
                                              Tower (Red Player)

Special Win: Acquire a specific artifact in map 1
                      Build the Grail structure in map  2 
                      Capture a specific town in map    3
                      Capture a specific town in map    4

Special Loss: Lose the Hero Charles (applies to all maps)
                       Lose the Hero Lairah in map 4

Special other: Lose the Hero Lairah in map 4

Standard win: Defeat all enemies

Map 1 description: After the death of your parents, you seek to 
find a new life - that of an adventurer! You are determined to 
leave Gyondria to seek your fortune in other lands far, far away. 
With the help of your patron, Lord Nimae you will be able to 
travel from the island. But of course, everything has its price.

Map 2 description: The annual Feast of the Wizard's 
Coronation is on! Who shall be the lucky apprentice to gain 
the upper hand in this traditional battle of magic? Levels are 
limited to 24 but all of your stats, spells and experience will 
carry on to the next part of the adventure. If you survive the 
contest, that is.

Map 3 description:  Perko the Troll King reigns in the 
Stonecliff Mountains which besides Cetrix remains one of the 
most resource-rich towns in all of Radria. It is critical that you 
make now your coordinated move against Stonecliff, because 
other forces are out there as well. Be careful not to lose 
Charles and Lairah.

Map 4 description: On the final leg of his journey, our young 
hero Charles of Gyondria sets foot upon the steep hills of the 
Valley of Dragons. His quest is to defeat Malestos, a mighty 
Dragon who was the direct cause of the ravaging 100 year war 
between the Wizards and the Dwarves. Do not let Charles 
AND Lairah face defeat!

The Sighisoara Team wishes you a most merry gaming 
experience. Enjoy the updated Campaign.

Please send us feedback at www.celestialheavens.com
"Masters of Sighisoara - A whole new Continent"
 You can find us on the FB at www.facebook.com/h3MoS


Patch 1.1 changelog highlights:

*features 90 bug fixes or balance related changes
*adds new prominent AI heroes to fight
*expanded and improved storyline
*rebalanced AI factions will now offer more challenge
*new Quests
*graphical changes which will allow the player to explore
  new areas in maps 2 and 3







 

 

