MASTERS OF SIGHISOARA II - THE UNDEAD OF XERPHEF

Campaign description: The Kingdom of Rojaice is in great turmoil. 
The southern provinces are rebelling. Lich King Servilius of Xerphef 
threatens the nation from Northwest. Greedy merchant Guilds have 
usurped the royal power in their quest for limitless commerce. 
It is time for a Hero to ride forward to unite the people.

Number of maps:         5
Map size: 	                   map 1 XL, map 2 L, map 3 L, map 4 L, map 5 M
Language: 	                   English
Game version: 	Heroes III the Shadow of Death

Campaign by: 	HeroOfPunk, Yurian Stonebow, Maygwan
    	                   maxygdell@hotmail.com 
                                      olavi_valimaki@hotmail.com 
                                      maygwan@yahoo.com

Play-Testers: 	The Sighisoara Team
		and some good folks from the Heroes
		fan site Celestial Heavens.

On the Internet:            www.celestialheavens.com
                                      www.facebook.com/h3MoS
http://h3mos.wikia.com/wiki/Masters_of_Sighisoara_Wiki

Difficulty: 	                   User selectable 
Version: 	                   1.0
Campaign date: 	Released on the 25th of December 2013
               

Human playable alignment: Rampart in maps 1,2 and 5 (Green Player)
                                              Necropolis in maps 3 and 4 (Pink player)
           
Special Win: 	       Build up an army of 4,000 Skeleton Warriors in map 3
             	                          Transfer artifact in map 4
Special Loss: 	       Lose the Hero Macro (in maps 1,2 and 5)
	      	       Lose the Hero Sepultun (in maps 3 and 4)
Special other:	       CPU ally in map 4

Map 1 description: The Guilds' rebellion has begun. Royalist forces of 
Rojaice send their Hero Macro to re-establish order and defeat the 
uprising before the enemy will have a chance to spread their corrupting 
influence beyond their heavily fortified strongholds on the Archipelago 
of King Roger the Master and Sailor.

Map 2 description: Pirate Lords of the Islands of King Roger the Master 
and Sailor are stubbornly holding on to their centuries old sea trade 
privilegies. Your mission is to seize all their outposts, destroy their 
ships and confiscate their property for the Crown. Levels are limited 
to 28. Do not lose the hero Macro.

Map 3 description: The time has come for our glorious armed forces to 
seize the lands of the petty in-fighting and ruined nation known as 
Rojaice. Today your mission is to capture all enemy towns in the name 
of the Lich King of Xerphef and raise as many Skeletons as possible. 
Heroes are allowed to reach level 21. 

Map 4 description: Sepultun the Necromancer must build an army powerful
enough to locate and free Nagraelle, and together the two Heroes must 
fight their back into Xerphef controlled territory in the far NW parts 
of the area. They must not be allowed to be defeated by the forces of 
Rojaice. Levels are limited to 34.

Map 5 description: King Roger's Islands first came into being long ago 
in a violent eruption of the vulcano Cardu. The archipelago boasts 
unique powers and for long years it's been the home of one of the 
largest Pirate fleets in Rojaice. The area is hard to conquer but you 
are well determined to root out the outlaws.




We hope you enjoy the Campaign!

-The Sighisoara Team





*The Sighisoara campaign series continues with Campaign 3*