Map Name:	Statute Quandary [STATUT~1.H3M]
Map Maker:	Tang Wen En, Fiery Phoenix
E-Mail Address:	p3dantic@yahoo.com.sg

Map Type:	Singleplayer, 1H5C (hello, what else would it be?)

Language:	Gaelic (have I used that before? Hmmm...) kidding, English

Description:	You, the amazingly responsible nephew, have broken your uncle's statuette. Hmm... and wouldn't be so coincidental that he would like the statuette brought to his castle right now?

Special Win:	Transport Artifact
Special Loss:	Lose Alagar and (special) time limit.

Miscellaneous:	hello again! =) Yeah, well, sucks to those promises about not doing any more maps. But this was really completing a half finished one more then starting a completely new one. It was tugging at me you see, yes, that little voice saying 'Finish the map! Finish the map!' mmm, I shall not bore you with any more excuses, Hmm.. let's see what you have to know.
Okay, I apologise for the less than stellar story. I have not the stamina to write lots of text anymore. Still, it's comprehensible, and not that bad a premise, but I'm just being biased.
Play on (at least) expert. A stupid AI is a stupid game.
I apologise for a non existant underground. I started out with one but scratched it out finally. Since I can't get rid of it, it's sort of stuck there. There is NO underground. Just remember that. No secret passages to a secret underground cavern.
Well, nothing else really (that I can recall), so... have a good time and all that other cliched tidings.

Play-Tester:	Jolly Joker           Ch.Jentzsch@t-online.de
                Jenn                  jhil@tisd.net
                Cattleman (a bit =Þ)  cattleman@h3trio.com 

Tips:      
-
-
-
Horde if you want, it'll make all the enemies all the more powerful, and all the more fun, but it'll take time to do that, and waiting around for troops may not be your idea of fun.

Time. there is no actual time limit, but after day 74, things will get a mite impossible to kill. okay, fine, after day 74 you can't win.

Secret passages. Since when has any of my maps come equiped without? =) Be prepared for more frustrating mouse clicking all over the place. (Hahaha! =Þ)

The treasure chests signify secrets, most probably secret passages. Use them as hints to a hidden something. To a piece of legion more often then not.

There's a Grail on the map. See if you can find it.